Mkdocs setup & CLI implementation (etc etc) (#51)
Open-ISP/ISPyPSA: docs/config.md

## ISPyPSA Templating

### iasr_workbook_version

The version of IASR workbook that the template inputs are generated from. The workbook
version is used to retrieve IASR data which has been manually extracted (rather than via
isp-workbook-parser) and packaged with ISPyPSA. Some data needs to be manually extracted
because of the formatting of the IASR workbook.

Examples:

```iasr_workbook_version: "6.0"```

### scenario

The ISP scenario for which to generate ISPyPSA inputs.

Options (descriptions lifted from the 2024 ISP):

- "Progressive Change": Reflects slower economic growth and energy investment with economic and international factors placing industrial demands at greater risk and slower decarbonisation action beyond current commitments
- "Step Change": Fulfils Australia's emission reduction commitments in a growing economy
- "Green Energy Exports": Sees very strong industrial decarbonisation and low-emission energy exports

Examples:

```scenario: Step Change```

## Financial/Economic

### wacc

Weighted average cost of capital for annuitisation of generation and transmission costs,
as a fraction, i.e. 0.07 is 7%.

Examples:

```wacc: 0.07```

### discount_rate

> Discount rate applied to model objective function, as a fraction, i.e. 0.07 is 7%.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Discount rate applied to model objective function, as a fraction, i.e. 0.05 is 5%.
```

maybe - just to line up with example + be different to wacc definition

export limit.

Examples:

```rez_to_sub_region_transmission_default_limit: 1e5```

## Temporal

### temporal.year_type

Whether the model uses financial ("fy") or calendar ("calendar") years.

Examples:

```year_type: fy```

### temporal.range.start_year

Model begins at the start of the start year. E.g. the first time interval for a
financial year model starting in 2025 would be 2024-07-01 00:30:00.

Examples:

```start_year: 2025```

### temporal.range.end_year

Model ends at the end of the start year. E.g. the last time interval for a
financial year model ending in 2028 would be 2028-06-01 23:30:00.

Examples:

```end_year: 2035```

### temporal.capacity_expansion

The temporal settings for the capacity expansion phase of the modelling.

#### temporal.capacity_expansion.resolution_min

The temporal resolution in minutes. Currently, only the 30 min resolution is
implemented/allowed. Value should be provided as an integer.

Examples:

```resolution_min: 30```

#### temporal.capacity_expansion.reference_year_cycle

The order in which different weather reference years are used in the model. If the
number of reference years is less than the number of model years the reference years

> will be reused in the order provided.

Author: Yep, great idea!
